Add hint about how to use variables (#2451)
vuejs/vuepress: packages/docs/docs/guide/frontmatter.md

---
```

Between these triple-dashed lines, you can set predefined variables (see [below](#predefined-variables) for a reference), or even create custom ones of your own. These variables will then be available to you through the  <code>[$frontmatter](./global-computed.md#frontmatter)</code> variable.

Here's an example of how you could use it in your markdown file:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
````
---
title: My Blog Title
lang: English
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

My blog post is written in {{ $frontmatter.language }}.

````

```

---
```

> Between these triple-dashed lines, you can set predefined variables (see [below](#predefined-variables) for a reference), or even create custom ones of your own. These variables will then be available to you to access using <code>{{[$frontmatter](./global-computed.md#frontmatter)}}</code> at the rest of the page, plus all custom and theming components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Between these triple-dashed lines, you can set predefined variables (see [below](#predefined-variables) for a reference), or even create custom ones of your own. These variables will then be available to you through the  <code>[$frontmatter](./global-computed.md#frontmatter)</code> variable.

Here's an example of how you could use it in your markdown file:

```
---
title: Blogging Like a Hacker
lang: en-US
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

This blog post is written in the following language: {{ $frontmatter.lang }}.
```
